# CS_305_SoftwareSecurity
Project 1-Artemis Financial Vulnerability Assessment Report

For Project 1, our client was Artemis Financial, a financial institution that handles worldwide clients' transactions. They have asked us, Global Rain, to create custom software with security as the upmost priority. The software in question here is Artemis Financial's website application. They need to make sure client account information is stored properly and that any communications between them and the client stays secure as well.

In this security vulnerability assessment, I identified missing opportunities to authenticate user and login information. I also felt that two-factor authentication should be added or at least mentioned for access to certain data. I also made sure we were using a RESTful API since all connections between client/server needed to be secure. I also made sure that data was encrypted and user identification was kept randomized/encoded. I felt that these areas of security overall will save Artemis Financial any data breaches or breaches of personal information, which could cost a company money, time, and public relations if they were left unsecured. I increased the layers of security by making sure that after each access point (switching between web pages, for instance) would need to reconfirm the user and authenticate identity. I also made sure that the application was developed using a Spring framework, which is a RESTful API.

The pom.xml file was useful to use throughout this project, and I learned the importance of modular coding within Java. Encapsulation is specifically important to software security, so using a RESTful API and OOP really came in handy here. I will absolutely be sure to always check that these two specific tools are being used in any software project I am a part of.

I made sure the code and software application was functional and secure by running static tests (as this is a fake client, so dynamic testing was not an option). I checked the dependency reports and made sure to list out certain issues that needed to be addressed. I made sure to re-run this dependency check after I refactored the code to make sure no new issues popped up. Using the Spring Framework and the OWASP/Maven dependency check plug-ins are skills that I will be sure to use in the future to conduct further static testing and show future employers that I know how to develop and test secure code.
